Codemod: parameterization of file path in Flask's send-file (#214)
pixee/codemodder-python: src/core_codemods/docs/pixee_python_flask-send-file-path-parameterization.md

> The `send_file` function from Flask is susceptible to a path injection attack if its input is not proper validated. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `send_file` function from Flask is susceptible to a path traversal attack if its input is not proper validated. 
```

> The `send_file` function from Flask is susceptible to a path injection attack if its input is not proper validated. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `Flask` `send_file` function is susceptible to a path injection attack if its input is not properly validated. 
```

> In a path injection attack, the malicious agent can craft a path containing special paths like `./` or `../` to resolve an unintended file. This allows the agent to overwrite, delete or read arbitrary files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a path traversal attack, the malicious agent can craft a path containing special paths like `./` or `../` to resolve a file outside of the expected directory path. This potentially allows the agent to overwrite, delete or read arbitrary files. In the case of `flask.send_file`, the result is that a malicious user could potentially download sensitive files that exist on the filesystem where the application is being hosted.
```
